Add information about potential problems with React Native sourcemaps (#975)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: README.md

Issue                                | Description
------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Debugger doesn't stop at breakpoints | Breakpoints require sourcemaps to be correctly configured. If you are using TypeScript, then make sure to follow the `Getting started` section for how to ensure sourcemaps are correctly set up. Also sometimes there may be errors in the sourcemaps that have been generated by React Native (version `0.58.*` have such issues ([#928](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/928), [#907](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/907))), in that case debugger may work incorrectly. Changing `React` and `React Native` dependencies version in `package.json` may be helpful in such cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debugger doesn't stop at breakpoints | Breakpoints require sourcemaps to be correctly configured. If you are using TypeScript, then make sure to follow the `Getting started` section for how to ensure sourcemaps are correctly set up. Also, similar issues may occur on React Native version `0.58.*` in some special cases (see [#928](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/928), [#907](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/907)), bumping dependencies versions of `react` and `react-native`  package to the more recent ones should resolve these.
```
